[ML] Rename threading params in _start trained model deployment API (#86597)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/start-trained-model-deployment.asciidoc

[[start-trained-model-deployment-query-params]]
== {api-query-parms-title}

`number_of_allocations`::
(Optional, integer)

> The number of allocations a model gets on each node it is assigned to.
> For each allocation there is a separate thread used for sending inference requests to the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of model allocations on each node where the model is deployed.
All allocations on a node share the same copy of the model in memory but use
a separate set of threads to evaluate the model. 
```

I think this ^ can be clarified.

has a queue of this size; when the number of requests exceeds the total value,
new requests are rejected with a 429 error. Defaults to 1024.

`threads_per_allocation`::
(Optional, integer)

> Sets the number of threads used by each model allocation during during inference. This generally increases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the number of threads used by each model allocation during inference. This generally increases
```
